Documentation describing the TAS failed node replacement (#5621)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/concepts/topology_aware_scheduling.md

to see how you can configure Kueue if you want to restrict scheduling to the
newly provisioned nodes (assuming the provisioning class supports it).

### Hot swap support

> TAS finds a fixed assigmend of nodes to PodSets and in case of any node failures,

Reviewer: Can we also mention it works for node deletions, not only failures?

> during the runtime of a workload, the broken node cannot be automatically replaced

Author: Done.

> by Kubernetes scheduler. To mitigate this issue, a node hot swap was introduced 

Reviewer: Can we elaborate on that? I think it's little misleading to pass the buck on core scheduler, the issue exists because we Kueue with TAS injects nodeSelectors to a particular node, which in case of failure are stale

Author: Oh, sure -- I ment that by "TAS finds a fixed assignment". Rephrased.

to Kueue (starting from version 0.12). To enable the feature, you have to 

> set the feature gate `TASFailedNodeReplacement` to `true`. With this feature, 

Reviewer: Can we reference the installation guide regarding feature gates?

Author: Done.

> upon node failure, TAS tries to find a replacement of the broken node for all

Author: Done.

> the affected workloads, without changing the rest of the topoogy assignment.

Author: Done.

> Currently this works for only a single node failure and the node is assumed

Reviewer: Can we describe the workload gets evicted if multiple node fail?

to see how you can configure Kueue if you want to restrict scheduling to the
newly provisioned nodes (assuming the provisioning class supports it).

> ### Hot swap support

Reviewer 2: please also add a note in this section that since finding replacement node within the old domain (like rack) may not be possible we recommend using waitForPodsReady.recoveryTimeout, to prevent workload waiting for the replacement indefinetly

TAS finds a fixed assignment of pods to nodes and injects a NodeSelector to make
sure the pods get scheduled on the selected nodes. But this means that in case 
of any node failures or deletions, which occur during the runtime of a workload,
the workload cannot run on any other nodes. To mitigate this issue, a node hot swap was 
introduced to Kueue (starting from version 0.12). To enable the feature, you have to 
set the [feature gate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) 
`TASFailedNodeReplacement` to `true`. With this feature, TAS tries to find a 
replacement upon node failure or deletion for all the affected workloads, without
changing the rest of the topology assignment. Currently this works for only a single
node failure and in case of multiple failures, the workload gets evicted. The node is 

> assumed to have failed if its  `conditions.Status.Ready` is not `True` or if the node 

Reviewer 2: please add a note that it is assumed failed after 30s.

to see how you can configure Kueue if you want to restrict scheduling to the
newly provisioned nodes (assuming the provisioning class supports it).

### Hot swap support
TAS finds a fixed assignment of pods to nodes and injects a NodeSelector to make
sure the pods get scheduled on the selected nodes. But this means that in case 
of any node failures or deletions, which occur during the runtime of a workload,
the workload cannot run on any other nodes. To mitigate this issue, a node hot swap was 
introduced to Kueue (starting from version 0.12). To enable the feature, you have to 
set the [feature gate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) 

> `TASFailedNodeReplacement` to `true` and the lowest lowest topological label has to be

Reviewer 2: Yeah, but I'm not sure about the proposal either. I think the root cause for this being hard to read is that it mixes layers of abstraction (feature description / goal, feature enablement and feature mechanics) into one blob paragraph.

I would suggest to it split into paragraphs:
1. problem statement (In order to prevent costly re-scheduling of the entire TAS workload we introduce the node hot swap feature)
2. feature enablement (feature gate + lowest level=kubernetes.io/hostname`)
3. mechanics and when it activates (30s after failure, or deletion, single vs multiple node failures)
4. recommendation for recoveryTimeout

to see how you can configure Kueue if you want to restrict scheduling to the
newly provisioned nodes (assuming the provisioning class supports it).

### Hot swap support
When the lowest level of Topology is set to node, TAS finds a fixed assignment
of pods to nodes and injects a NodeSelector to make sure the pods get scheduled
on the selected nodes. But this means that in case
of any node failures or deletions, which occur during the runtime of a workload,
the workload cannot run on any other nodes. In order to avoid costly re-scheduling
of the entire TAS workload we introduce the node hot swap feature to Kueue
(starting from version 0.12).

To enable the feature, you have to set the [feature gate](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
`TASFailedNodeReplacement` to `true` and the lowest topological label has to be

> `kubernetes.io/hostname`.

Reviewer: Can we use a note to be consistent with other places? E.g. https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/commit/2c2178d8a5e382997a3aa0fcfcd0a5970af71e61#diff-6dd0f1f3dcfbbd90420e7557f53bfeaf635376335f77403c44ead1cb616450ddR9-R15

Author: Done PTAL

With this feature, TAS tries to find a replacement of the failed or deleted node for
all the affected workloads, without changing the rest of the topology assignment.

> Currently this works only for a single node failure and in case of multiple failures,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently this works only for a single node failure at the time and in case of multiple failures,
```

seconds or if the node is missing (removed from the cluster). 

Note that finding a replacement node within the old domain (like rack) may not always 

> be possible. Hence, we recommend using [WaitForPodsReady](site/content/en/docs/tasks/manage/setup_wait_for_pods_ready.md)

Reviewer 2: You may double check if this link renders well, checking some other places we prefix the link with `/docs/tasks/manage/`.

seconds or if the node is missing (removed from the cluster). 

Note that finding a replacement node within the old domain (like rack) may not always 

> be possible. Hence, we recommend using [WaitForPodsReady](link) and configuring `waitForPodsReady.recoveryTimeout`, to prevent 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
be possible. Hence, we recommend using [WaitForPodsReady](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/tasks/manage/setup_wait_for_pods_ready/) and configuring `waitForPodsReady.recoveryTimeout`, to prevent 
```
